typo corrections (#1589)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-docs: content/md/en/docs/test/unit-testing.md

---

As you build the logic for your runtime, you'll want to routinely test that the logic works as expected.

> You can create a unit test for the runtime using the [unit testing framework](https://doc.rust-lang.org/rust-by-example/testing/unit_testing.html) provided by Rust.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create unit tests for the runtime using the [unit testing framework](https://doc.rust-lang.org/rust-by-example/testing/unit_testing.html) provided by Rust.
```

}
```

> In this example, acount 1 has balance 10, account 2 has balance 20, and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, account 1 has a balance of 10, account 2 has a balance of 20, and so on.
```
